I so Netflix has a new sci-fi movie
which is making people if he since you
know there are other sci-fi movies
haven't really been masterpieces other
than this one but there's also been an
entire behind-the-scenes debacle right
like we don't know paramount let go of
Cloverfield paradox because they didn't
think it would work well they also kind
of the same thing for annihilation
Universal actually had this one slated
out to come out in January which is the
month that's been notorious for just
being a dumping ground before giving it
to Netflix so pretty much I'm worried
that Netflix is becoming the new
straight-to-dvd release and that's where
a lot of people look down on Netflix
movies but I got a bunch of requests for
this specific movie and kept hearing
that that ending was so mind-blowing it
would blow your mind let me explain so
Michael Pena is this dude who keeps on
having these raven-symoné visions about
an attack that he thinks is going to
happen and throughout the movie his wife
is like and this is like a sign stop
just our friends will be here soon
please make an effort girl didn't even
care that he was tweaking she just
wanted him to show up however if you saw
take shelter you know that it doesn't
matter how crazy somebody sounds cuz
they might end up being right and then
aliens crash her dinner party obviously
Lizzy Caplan is used to monsters
invading cities so she's able to get her
family out but Lizzy also never survives
monsters invading cities and once again
she gets her stomach ripped open bud
[Music]
turns out she's a robot actually they're
all robots now this was rewritten by the
dude who rewrote a rival so you know
it's one of those movies that you have
to rewatch in order to pick up on all
the little clues because everyone in
this movie is an AI known in this world
as since pretty much those visions
penguin was having were actually
flashbacks of when he was a robo janitor
and his wife was also a robo janitor and
all the humans created these hosts to
run errands and do all these small work
but then they got so paranoid that they
were becoming AI robots that they had an
all-out civil war and completely forgot
that the computer knows your every move
and the humans left and colonized on
Mars pennies and upgrades to a wife and
kids and since they're all robots they
give pretty much eternal sunshine away
their memories like if these guys had a
purge which you know they kind of did
they just got a control-alt-delete those
events away and pretty much they can
pretend like nothing ever happened you
know like like like some humans try to
do so when the aliens attack it's really
just humans coming back 50 ish years
later after doing a bunch of rocky
training up in Mars to come take back
their planet wearing these okay look I
know y'all wanted the toys to be humans
but like why is there a second his but
like I get that the costume has like
some type of training thing going but
there is a blister on his thigh it's a
cool design but like it also feels like
it was designed to be a twist I don't
know that one movie where the aliens
were allergic to water and that was the
big twist which only made you go rather
why would the aliens go to a place at
71% h2o well in this one the twist kind
of hits him like a glitch and this human
randomly decides to help him since I
guess no one told him they were gonna be
killing Robo babies and paying a
straight-up jump starts his wife by
mimicking that slicing scene from
annihilation and then using himself as a
charging port now it is revealed that
some of the sense did retain their
memories so they knew you know what was
happening in case they ever came back
but uh you know I'm surprised they
didn't have a plan in motion I was kind
of curious how the sins have been here
for like 50 plus years and they never
once looked at little Suzy and we're
like huh my robot is little Suzy and
Ageing by the end of it the sense do
make it out of the city and into this
secret mountain place like in Ragnarok
and you sense okay I think this is a
decent Netflix watch where even if the
booty in
plans to make the twist a little too
forced I also think it's kind of
enjoyable I actually think it would have
worked better as a miniseries where they
could have fleshed out the androids but
the director does say that he wants to
make a sequel whether since our training
up in the mountains like Batman and then
they come back one day to fully unmanned
race and pretty much just recreate Rise
of the Planet of the robots thank you
guys for checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts a bunch of
Netflix movies out there if you guys
ever have any recommendations let me
know down below like I said a bunch of
guys tweeted this one at me a bunch of
you guys commented this one messaged me
about it so I checked it out and it was
very entertaining still don't understand
about those butt implants I mean just
you could have got it there's actually a
lot of short stories I highly recommend
just literally search up its stories
where the humans are actually the aliens
and there's some really cool
perspectives so I've kind of seen this
story done before and some short short
little stories that have been out there
but I still thought this one was cool
clearly Universal had no faith in it so
they gave it to Netflix but I'm curious
to know your thoughts definitely don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll make sure Siri doesn't attack you